Privacy Policy

Effective date: May 23, 2014

Welcome to vCinity ("vCinity," "we," "us" or "our"). vCinity provides an
easy way to store and access your media, documents and files through our
mobile application. This Privacy Policy provides our policies and
procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users
can access the vCinity service (the "Service") through our mobile
application. This Privacy Policy governs your access and use of the
vCinity Service, and by using our Service you consent to the collection,
transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in
this Privacy Policy. All data, media, content, and any of the form of
information described below are collectively referred to as
"information." If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post
those changes on our mobile application so that you are always aware of
what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances
we may disclose it.  You should review this Privacy Policy from time to
time so that you will become aware of any changes.  Continued access or
use of our Service shall constitute your expressed acceptance of any
modifications to our Privacy Policy.

1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We may collect and store the following information in your use of the
vCinity Service:

Information you provide us directly:

(A)         Your username, password and e-mail address when you register
for a vCinity account. (B)         Information that you upload or store
in the Service. (C)         Communications between you and vCinity. For
example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account
verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and
security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related
e-mails.

Log Data.   When you use the Service, we automatically record
information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the
Services. This may include the Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
location preferences, identification numbers associated with the device
through which you accessed the Service, your mobile carrier, date and
time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration
information, metadata concerning information stored on the Service, and
other interactions with the Service.

Cookies.   We currently do not use "cookies" or similar technologies
like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information.
However, we may decide to use cookies or similar technologies in the
future on other platforms and will notify you through a revised Privacy
Policy if we do.

2. How We Use Personal Information

Personal Information.   In the course of using the Service, we may
collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you
("Personal Information"). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to
provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the
Service, (iii) to personalize and improve your experience, and (iv) to
provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If you no
longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the
"unsubscribe" instructions provided in any of those communications.

Geo-Location Information.   Some mobile devices allow applications to
access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS). Our
mobile app does not collect such information from your mobile device at
any time while you download or use our mobile app but may do so in the
future with your consent to improve our Service. If you don't want to
store location data in your photos or videos, please consult the
documentation for your camera to turn off that feature. Also, some of
the information we might collect through the mobile application, for
example IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a Device's
location.

By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of
information to the U.S. or to any other country in which vCinity, its
Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and
disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

3. Information Sharing and Disclosure

Your Use.   We will display your Personal Information in your profile
page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set
in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect
how much you want others to know about you. You can review and revise
your profile information at any time. We do not sell your personal
information to third parties. Through certain features of the Service,
you may also have the ability to make some of your information public.
Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated.

Service Providers and Others.   We may use certain trusted third party
companies and individuals to help us provide storage for the Service.
These third parties may have access to your information only for
purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations
similar to those in this Privacy Policy. As of the date this policy went
into effect, we use Amazon's S3 storage service to store some of your
information. On our servers, we immediately encrypt the content using
AES256. We then store this some of this content into Amazon S3 servers
where it is also encrypted in a similar manner.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of
vCinity's Rights.   We may disclose to parties outside vCinity files
stored in your vCinity and information about you that we collect when we
have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a)
comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect
the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c)
prevent fraud or abuse of vCinity or its users; or (d) to protect
vCinity's property rights. If we provide your vCinity files to a law
enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove vCinity's
encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement.
However, vCinity will not be able to decrypt any files that you
encrypted prior to storing them on vCinity.

Change of Control.   If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole
of vCinity or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of
a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution,
liquidation), your information such as name and email address, and any
other information collected through the Service may be among the items
sold or transferred. You will continue to own your information. The
buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in
this Privacy Policy.

Non-private or Non-Personal Information.   We may disclose your
non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as
usage statistics of our Service.

4. Changing or Deleting Your Information

If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete
the Personal Information provided in your registration or account
profile by changing your "account settings." If your personally
identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
service, you may update or delete it by contact us at team@vCinity.me
with the request. In some cases we may retain copies of your information
if required by law. For questions about your Personal Information on our
Service, please contact team@vCinity.me . We will respond to your
inquiry within 30 days.

5. Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or
as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or
request that we no longer use your information to provide you services,
you may delete your account through the mobile app. We may retain and
use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these
requirements, we will try to delete your information promptly upon your
written request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in
deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist
after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files
that you have in common with other users.

6. Security

The security of your information is important to us. When you store
information using the Service on, we encrypt the transmission of that
information using secure socket layer technology (SSLv3).

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No
method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your information
collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United
States or any other country in which vCinity, its Affiliates or Service
Providers maintain facilities

7. California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits those customers that are
California residents to request certain information regarding our
disclosure of your personal information to other parties for their
direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an email
to team@vCinity.me or write to us at: Lifetime Memori Inc, P.O. Box
2076, SF, CA 94126.

8. Children's Privacy

vCinity does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from
anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register
for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at
children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have
collected personal information from a child under age 13 without
parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or
about a child under 13, please contact us.

9. Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
at team@vCinity.me or P.O. Box 2076, SF, CA 94126.

10. Changes to our Privacy Policy

In the future, we may make changes to this Privacy Policy.  The revised
Privacy Policy will be displayed via a setting on the mobile application
so that you will know what types of information we gather and the
categories of other parties with whom we may share the information. 